---
layout:     post
title:      These Weeks In Servo 47
date:       2016-01-25 20:30:00
summary:    What's up with Servo for the weeks of 11 Jan 2016 - 25 Jan 2016
categories:
---

In the [last two weeks](https://github.com/pulls?page=1&q=is%3Apr+is%3Amerged+closed%3A2016-01-11..2016-01-25+user%3Aservo), we landed 130 PRs in the Servo organization's repositories.

After months of work by vlad and many others, Windows support [landed](https://github.com/servo/servo/pull/9385)! Thanks to everyone who contributed fixes, tests, reviews, and even encouragement (or impatience!) to help us make this happen.

###Notable Additions

- nikki [added](https://github.com/servo/servo/pull/9391) tests and support for checking the Fetch redirect count
- glennw [implemented](https://github.com/servo/servo/pull/9359) horizontal scrolling with arrow keys
- simon [created](https://github.com/servo/servo/pull/9333) a script that parses all of the CSS properties parsed by Servo
- ms2ger [removed](https://github.com/servo/servo/pull/9293) the legacy reftest framework
- fernando [made](https://github.com/servo/crowbot/pull/33) crowbot able to rejoin IRC after it accidentally floods the channel
- jack [added](https://github.com/servo/saltfs/pull/193) testing the `geckolib` target to our CI
- antrik [fixed](https://github.com/servo/ipc-channel/pull/25) transfer corruption in ipc-channel on 32-bit
- valentin [added](https://github.com/servo/rust-url/pull/119) and simon [extended](https://github.com/servo/rust-url/pull/152) IDNA support in rust-url, which is required for both web and Gecko compatibility


###New Contributors

- [Chandler Abraham](https://github.com/Chandler)
- [Darin Minamoto](https://github.com/DarinM223)
- [Josh Leverette](https://github.com/coder543)
- [Joshua Holmer](https://github.com/shssoichiro)
- [Kishor Bhat](https://github.com/therealkbhat)
- [Lanza](https://github.com/MonsieurLanza)
- [Matthew Kuo](https://github.com/mattkuo)
- [Oleksii Fedorov](https://github.com/waterlink)
- [St.Spyder](https://github.com/stspyder)
- [Vladimir Vukicevic](https://github.com/vvuk)
- [apopiak](https://github.com/apopiak)
- [askalski](https://github.com/askalski)

###Screenshots

None this week.

###Meetings

We had a [meeting](https://github.com/servo/servo/wiki/Meeting-2016-01-11) on some CI-related woes, documenting tags and mentoring, and dependencies for the style subsystem.
